doc: document Admin and Developer permissions (#160)
shorebirdtech/docs: docs/teams.md

## Permissions

> Permissions are internally stored per-app. Not all permissions are publicly
> editable at this time, we plan to expose more controls soon. If you have any
> changes you need done to your app in the meanwhile, please do not
> hesitate to reach out to contact@shorebird.dev.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Permissions are internally stored per-app. Not all permissions are publicly
editable at this time, we plan to expose more controls soon. If you would
like to make changes to your app in the meantime, please do not
hesitate to reach out to contact@shorebird.dev.
```

> ### Collaborator (aka "Developer")
> 
> - Read app information
> - View collaborators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Collaborator (aka "Developer")

The Collaborator role can:

- Read app information
- View collaborators
```

- Create releases and patches
- View insights

Collaborators can be added and removed by any Admin, see below.

> ### Admin (automatically assigned to the account which created the app)
> 
> - Everything a Developer can do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Admin (automatically assigned to the account which created the app)

The Admin role can:

- Everything a Developer can do
```

- Create and Delete Apps
- Add and Remove Collaborator for an App

Admin permissions cannot currently be modified directly. Please email us
if you need to add/remove Admins from an app.

> ### Billing account (aka Owner)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Billing account (aka App Owner)
```
